Small content changes across the site (#347)
alphagov/govuk-brand-guidelines: src/colour/index.md

lead: Core brand colours, palettes and contrast requirements for accessibility.
---

Our colour palette is designed with accessibility in mind.

> However, it remains the responsibility of teams using the colours in the palette to ensure services are WCAG compliant when using colours in combination.

Reviewer: Tried to explain this a bit better. Not sure if more detail is needed, but I'd hope a potential user would go to the Service Manual or similar source for more on this. Should be a link in the future.

```suggestion
However, it remains the responsibility of teams using the colours in the palette to ensure services comply with the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG) when using colours in combination.
```
